[Map] Create Map component (#1937)
symfony/ux: src/Map/src/Bridge/Google/README.md

> # Symfony UX Map: Google

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Symfony UX Map: Google Maps
```

| `id`       | The id of the script tag                                                                                                           | `__googleMapsScriptId`                    |
| `language` | Force language, see [list of supported languages](https://developers.google.com/maps/faq#languagesupport) specified in the browser | The user's preferred language             |
| `region`   | Unicode region subtag identifiers compatible with [ISO 3166-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1)                           |                                           |
| `nonce`    | Use a cryptographic nonce attribute                                                                                                |                                           |
| `retries`  | The number of script load retries                                                                                                  | 3                                         |
| `url`      | Custom url to load the Google Maps API script                                                                                      | `https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/js` |

> | `version`  | The release channels or version numbers                                                                                            | `weekly`                                  |

Reviewer: I'd put this at the end of the file (advanced instanciation or something)

For now i fear it pushes too much the default/standard install use cases..

## Map options

> With a `Map`, you can use the `GoogleOptions` class to configure the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `GoogleOptions` class to configure your `Map`.
```

```php
use Symfony\UX\Map\Bridge\Google\GoogleOptions;

> use Symfony\UX\Map\Bridge\Google\Option as GoogleOption;

Reviewer: You know what i'm going to say

Author: Okay... you win :P

use Symfony\UX\Map\LatLng;
use Symfony\UX\Map\Map;

$map = (new Map())
    ->center(new LatLng(48.8566, 2.3522))
    ->zoom(6);

$googleOptions = (new GoogleOptions())
    ->mapId('YOUR_MAP_ID')
    ->gestureHandling(GoogleOption\GestureHandling::Greedy)
    ->backgroundColor('#f00')
    ->doubleClickZoom(true)
    ->zoomControl(false)
    ->zoomControlOptions(new GoogleOption\ZoomControlOptions(
        position: GoogleOption\ControlPosition::BLOCK_START_INLINE_END,
    ))
    ->mapTypeControl(false)
    ->mapTypeControlOptions(new GoogleOption\MapTypeControlOptions(
        mapTypeIds: [GoogleOption\MapTypeId::HYBRID, GoogleOption\MapTypeId::ROADMAP],
        position: GoogleOption\ControlPosition::INLINE_END_BLOCK_START,
        style: GoogleOption\MapTypeControlStyle::DROPDOWN_MENU,
    ))
    ->streetViewControl(false)
    ->streetViewControlOptions(new GoogleOption\StreetViewControlOptions(
        position: GoogleOption\ControlPosition::BLOCK_END_INLINE_START,

>     ))

Reviewer: Not a real case, right ? Maybe focus on default case to give user reproductible steps.

>     ->zoomControlOptions(new GoogleOption\ZoomControlOptions(
>         position: GoogleOption\ControlPosition::BLOCK_START_INLINE_END,
>     ))
>     ->mapTypeControl(false)
>     ->mapTypeControlOptions(new GoogleOption\MapTypeControlOptions(
>         mapTypeIds: [GoogleOption\MapTypeId::HYBRID, GoogleOption\MapTypeId::ROADMAP],
>         position: GoogleOption\ControlPosition::INLINE_END_BLOCK_START,
>         style: GoogleOption\MapTypeControlStyle::DROPDOWN_MENU,
>     ))
>     ->streetViewControl(false)
>     ->streetViewControlOptions(new GoogleOption\StreetViewControlOptions(
>         position: GoogleOption\ControlPosition::BLOCK_END_INLINE_START,
>     ))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ->zoomControlOptions(new ZoomControlOptions(
        position: ControlPosition::BLOCK_START_INLINE_END,
    ))
    ->mapTypeControlOptions(new MapTypeControlOptions(
        mapTypeIds: [
            MapTypeId::HYBRID, 
            MapTypeId::ROADMAP,
        ],
        position: ControlPosition::INLINE_END_BLOCK_START,
        style: MapTypeControlStyle::DROPDOWN_MENU,
    ))
    ->streetViewControlOptions(newStreetViewControlOptions(
        position: ControlPosition::BLOCK_END_INLINE_START,
    ))
```

Easier to read/write no ? :)

Author: IDK, it means you need to know about `ControlPosition`, `MapTypeControlStyle`, `StreetViewControlOptions`, etc... classes before using them. Where with a namespace alias, you can easily discover existing classes

Reviewer: ->mapTypeControlOptions will be suggested by the IDE, you'll understand you have to type "MapType..." and you have the class.

I don't see how this alias (that users won't be aware of i can garantee you  😅 ) improves something.. anything (and it's 100% geniune)

Author: Fixed
